[Here](https://archive.is/rCMFN) is a fascinating story about how a museum worker at the British Museum surreptitiously sold off thousands of pieces from the museum's collection on ebay — one of the main criticisms seems to be not that they did the wrong thing but that they only made 100,000 doing so. 

> It had previously been speculated that they could have made millions. A source with knowledge of the investigation said that there was dismay at the fact they had been sold for such “insultingly low” sums. Another source said that “stolen items are worthless in some respects” because they would not have the provenance that legitimate dealers and collectors prize.

James Ratcliffe, one of the few people in the story who is not a Sir or a Lord but I expect it is only a matter of time, is the director of recoveries for the Art Loss Register, the world’s biggest database of lost, stolen and looted art. He said: “People have paid so little for this material. Even though it’s quite decent for what it is, it was being sold [at an] incredibly low value."

It seems to me there are many things in the world that are quite decent for what they are and that are inappropriately valued, certainly by museums where they are kept under lock and key. No one ever gets to see them and the museum doesn't even know it has them. I say hail the thief who sold the objects at reasonable prices to people who appreciate them and value them, and they got a bargain to boot.

I feel the same way about the Eleven inch Macbook Air but that's [another story](https://every.thingness.link/air) :)

Another organisation involved in the investigation is called the Association for Research into Crimes against Art. They must be busy there. Crimes against art are being perpetrated all the time! I call for a Netherlandish branch of that organisation to be established ASAP. Its acronym would be ARCANED.

Of course I am biased but may I suggest ARCANED would begin by investigating public art in the city of Eindhoven?